Team Members

1. Matthew O’Boyle - In addition to general participation in all the group meetings, Matt’s work on our project revolved around the processes of data collection and data entry into our tables. This took both the form of scraping Dukehub data in order to populate our info on classes and listings, as well as directly writing scripts to generate artificial review data that we needed to make our application whole. Matt was also instrumental in working out kinks in the interfacing between front-end and back-end, where his large amount of experience working with React.js and the NPM module Axios proved very useful.

2. Christina Li - In addition to general participation in all the group meetings, Christina’s work on our project focused on generating the endpoints we needed that allowed our front-end to communicate with out back-end. This specifically looked like creating many GET requests as well as handling POST requests upon user sign-up (where we populated our database with real user info). We used SQLAlchemy as a tool for this, and so a large bulk of Christina’s work centered around making sure we were able to use that interface with no flaws, which was essential to the final stage of our project.

3. Suchir Bhatt - In addition to general participation in all the group meetings, Suchir honed in on algorithm creation and query optimization, looking at ways in which we could fine tune our recommendation algorithms yet still ensure that they were able to be queried in a reasonable amount of time. Specifically, this meant that Suchir focused in very strongly on what factors would serve as best predictors of “good” classes for a given student, and this directly led to to our use of similarity scores in generating recommendations, as well as some of our decisions of where to use and not to use triggers.

4. Feroze Mohideen - In addition to general participation in all the group meetings, Feroze’s work pivoted towards the initial elements of our front-end, particularly user sign-up, login, and class entry. These components were critical to our application, as they were the only ways in which we could populate our database, so Feroze spent a good chunk of his time focusing on easing the process of data entry while still making effective POST requests. Moreover, as part of general front-end work, Feroze also helped style several of the pages and spent the remainder of his time focusing on creating a simple and easy-to-use UI.

5. Salil Mitra - In addition to general participation in all the group meetings, Salil’s work was primarily geared on the frontend interface of our application, creating the pages that we would display on our app as well as implementing search functionality. Specifically, Salil focused on translating the results of GET requests into easily interpretable displays, and then optimizing the speed at which we could access those pages. Finally, Salil used this information to try and ensure that all use cases of our app would be effective by implementing both a basic and advanced search, rounding out our app.

Overall, the group worked very well and cohesively, and each of our contributions led to a final product we were all very proud of.
